You can assign four different event roles: event manager, business card collector, meeting owner and custom. Event managerIn comparison to an organisation owner, an event manager will only have access to the dashboard of the event that he was assigned to. This person will have full access to the dashboard of that specific event. You can assign multiple event managers per event. For example:Your organisation is planning an HR and Legal event. You have employees from both departments that will set up these events in Thola. Instead of making all these employees organisation owners, you could make the employees of the HR department event manager for the HR event and make the employees of the Legal event event manager for the Legal event. This way they won't be able to make any changes to other events that don't concern them. Business card collectorIf you have configured a business card button, your attendees will be able to leave their virtual business cards with the business card collector. This person can download the information that was left via an Excel-file throughout the event. The business card collector won't have access to the dashboard. You can assign multiple business card collectors per business card.For example: You are organising a job fair and each partner has their own billboard with a business card button. When attendees click on this button, they can leave their profile information in a GDPR-proof way with the owner of this business card. To gather this information you can either assign the role of business card collector to all of your partners or you can give this role to yourself so that you can collect the business cards for your partners. Meeting ownerIf you have configured a meeting button, then you can assign a meeting owner to this meeting. This person will have an extra button with which he/she will be able to open & close the doors of this meeting when preferred. The meeting owner will also receive a notification (in the top right corner) as soon as somebody joins this roundtable conversation. These notifications can be dismissed one by one or all at once (see image below). You can have multiple meeting owners for the same meeting. For example: You are hosting a networking event and your sponsors have been given a billboard with a meeting button. If your attendees click on this button, this will join a roundtable conversation that is hosted by your sponsor. They can use this meeting to present themselves and to connect with the attendees. If you make the sponsor the meeting owner, then they can decide themselves when to open and close the meeting.  Extended accessThis role can be assigned to any attendee, to allow them to enter the event before the open doors period of your event. For example: You are organising a fair and you want grant the representatives of your booths early access to get familiar with the Thola platform and to check wether everything is in place. CustomThe last role that can be assigned, is a custom role. You can use this role for multiple purposes. For example to distinguish multiple groups of attendees, to assign a specific avatar to some users, to provide access to a room for only a specific group of people, for support etc. For example: Image that you are organising a learning event with three different workshops. Given that your attendees are only allowed to participate in one of the three workshops, you can lock your workshop rooms with a certain role. This means that only people who have this role, are allowed to enter the room. In this scenario you can work with three different custom role. For example: workshop 1, workshop 2 and workshop 3. Here you can read more about how to assign roles.