When you have decided to let your users register themselves, you can choose to activate verification. This option allows you as an event organiser to have more control over all registered attendees given that you can 'approve' or 'decline' their registration. Follow the next steps to activate verification Go to the dashboardSelect the event that you want to configureGo the general information & event settingsActivate "verify users" on the right sideOnce the attendee has registered, you can track their status in the dashboard menu under 'users'. There are 3 different statuses: Email not confirmed: when the attendees hasn't confirmed their email address yetRemark: as an event organiser you can still confirm the email address on behalf of the attendee by clicking on the green check mark to ensure that they still receive their login details in time before the start of your event. When doing so, the attendee will receive an email to inform that his/her registration has been verified and accepted by the organisation and that the attendee will receive their login details X hours before the event, depending on the scheduled invitation time.  If the scheduled invitation time has already been passed, the attendee will receive the personal login details straight away. Approved: when the event organiser has approved the registration of the attendee by clicking on the green check mark, the attendee will receive an email to inform that his/her registration has been verified and accepted by the organisation and that the attendee will receive their login details X hours before the event, depending on the scheduled invitation time. If the scheduled invitation time has already been passed, the attendee will receive the personal login details straight away.Remark: if the attendee registers again after already being accepted, he/she will get an email to inform that his/her registration has already been accepted.  Rejected: when the event organiser has rejected the registration of the attendee  will receive an email straight away to inform that he/she has been declined. Remark: if the attendee registers again after already being rejected, he/she will get an email to inform that his/her registration has already been rejected.