There are 3 registration options: Self-registration by attendees via TholaSelf-registration with verificationSelf-registration with invitation codeRegistration by event organisers via an excel bulk upload Connection via an API Self-registration by attendees via TholaThe first option is to let your users register via our Thola platform. The minimum information that is required to register is the attendee's email, first name and last name. If you have configured other profile fields (such as job title or organisation), these fields can also be included in the registration form. Finally, they can also choose an avatar. Once the registration has been filled out, the attendees will get the following message:And the following email:Important: the attendee will need to confirm their email in order to complete their registration and to receive their personal login details. However, there is a possibility for event organisers to confirm the email address on behalf of the attendee to ensure that the attendee still receives their personal login details. Read more about this here. Once the attendee has confirmed their email before the scheduled invitation time, they will get the following message:Once the attendee has confirmed their email after the scheduled invitation time, they will get the following message:Once the scheduled invitation time has arrived, the user will receive their personal login details by email:Keep track of your registered usersYou can consult the analytics in the dashboard menu to see how many users have already registered for your event. It's the number you see above 'never attended'.  If you want to see more details like who registered or who already confirmed their email address, you should navigate to the dashboard menu 'users'. Remark: Please keep in mind that the attendee list in the event itself, only includes attendees who have confirmed their email address.Registration by event organisers via an excel bulk uploadIn the scenario where you know exactly who needs to be invited for you event and when you have all the necessary registration info available, you might choose to do the registration yourself as an event organiser. Here you will upload your users in bulk via an Excel file into our dashboard. You can find the instructions here.After your upload has been completed you will receive a confirmation e-mail from welcome@thola.events and the users will receive their personal login details either straight away or at the time you indicated under 'scheduled invitation time'. You can carry out as many bulk uploads as you like. If you add an existing user to your bulk upload, then his/her information will be overwritten. Connection via APIThe last registration option is to connect your CRM or registration system to our Thola platform via an API. This way your users will be automatically uploaded from your database to ours. Read more about it here.